Dot to Dot Sweep Source Code
----------------------------

The source code for Dot to Dot Sweep may be bundled with some binary packages
but is also available as a standalone package. Bundled packages don't include a
copy of the data files since they are already included as part of the binary
distribution.


Dependencies
------------

Dot to Dot Sweep is built using GCC, a freely available set of tools. If you are
trying to build Dot to Dot Sweep then most likely you are using a platform which
has GCC available. Make sure you have it installed before proceeding.

Dot to Dot Sweep uses some external libraries that you will need to have
installed before trying to build it. These are:

	* Allegro 5.2 (http://liballeg.org)

You will also need to enable these add-ons:

	* Audio
	* Audio Codec with MOD Music support through DUMB
	* Font
	* Image with PNG support
	* TTF
	* Primitives
	* Memfile
	* Dialog
	* Color
	* Main

Once you have all of these things installed, you are ready to build Dot to Dot
Sweep.


Building
--------

Use the following commands to build Dot to Dot Sweep:

	cd /source_package_folder/src
	make

This will compile all of the source code and put an executable file in the
'bin' folder if all goes well.

If something fails, you may need to modify the 'makefile.config' located in the
'src' folder to inform the build system of the specifics of your development
environment.

Note: to build the Windows version you'll need to install MSYS2
(https://www.msys2.org) to get the required tools and install the needed
dependencies.


Installing On Linux
-------------------

You can install Dot to Dot Sweep for all users on your Linux system with the
following command (run from 'src' folder):

  sudo make install

This will install the program's executable, data, and launcher to the
appropriate places on your system.

If you wish to uninstall, run the following command from the 'src' folder:

  sudo make uninstall


Installing On MacOS
-------------------

Once you have successfully built the game, you can create an application bundle
by running 'make mac_bundle'. This will create 'Dot to Dot Sweep.app' in the
'packages' folder. Drag this application bundle to the 'Applications' folder to
install the game.


Installing On Windows
---------------------

Once you have successfully built the game, create a shortcut in the location of
your choosing pointing to the 'dot-to-dot-sweep.exe' executable file in the
'bin' folder. Make sure the working directory is set to the 'bin' folder that
contains 'dot-to-dot-sweep.exe' so it can find the data files needed to run the
game.


Troubleshooting
---------------

If you have any trouble building Dot to Dot Sweep and would like assistance,
feel free to contact us at care@tcubedsoftware.com.
